Document conditions for popup-opening by window.open, and BarProp values (#10339)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/barprop/visible/index.md

### Value

> A {{jsxref("Boolean")}}, which is true if the top-level window is opened by
> {{domxref("window.open")}} with {{domxref("window.open", "requesting a popup window", "popup_feature", 1)}}.
> 
> > **Note:** Historically this represented whether the used interface element is visible
> > or not. For privacy reasons, this no more represent the actual visibility of each
> > interface element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Boolean")}}, which is true if the top-level window is opened by
{{domxref("window.open")}} with the {{domxref("window.open", "requesting a popup window", "popup_feature", 1)}}.

> **Note:** Historically this represented whether the interface element used is visible
> or not. But for privacy reasons, this no longer represents the actual visibility of each
> interface element.
```
